chore: guide to authenticate (#177)
ariga/atlas-operator: README.md

  #     mountPath: /path/to/mount
```

### Authentication

> If you want use use any feature that require login (Trigger, Functions, Procedure, and Sequence support or SQL Server, ClickHouse, Redshift drivers), you need to provide an Atlas token to the operator. You can do this by creating a secret with the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want use use any feature that requires logging in (Trigger, Functions, Procedure, and Sequence support or SQL Server, ClickHouse, Redshift drivers), you need to provide the operator with an  Atlas token. You can do this by creating a secret with the token:
```

> If you want use use any feature that requires logging in (Trigger, Functions, Procedure, and Sequence support or SQL Server, ClickHouse, Redshift drivers), you need to provide the operator with an  Atlas token. You can do this by creating a secret with the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want use use any feature that requires logging in (triggers, functions, procedures, sequence support or SQL Server, ClickHouse, and Redshift drivers), you need to provide the operator with an  Atlas token. You can do this by creating a secret with the token:
```

```shell
kubectl create secret generic atlas-token-secret \
  --from-literal=ATLAS_TOKEN='aci_xxxxxxx'
```

> then set the `ATLAS_TOKEN` environment variable in the operator's deployment manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then set the `ATLAS_TOKEN` environment variable in the operator's deployment manifest:
```
